well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
what owners can do to completely derail
the drive for legislation and I know
that sounds weird because there's a
whole bunch of lobbying groups out there
that have you conditioned to believe but
you need them to defend your rights you
don't you don't there's a whole bunch of
little things you can do as an
individual to completely derail the
drive for a legislation to completely in
the desire to have gun control and we're
going to go through for those who don't
know me I don't know I don't I don't own
a gun today 15 years ago I was that guy
I was that guy that had the locked room
with an arsenal in it today I don't own
but I still understand the dynamics of
this argument I'm still an avid
supporter of the Second Amendment so
here you go let's start off secured your
firearms lock up your weapons every time
there's an incident at some school the
kid got the firearm from somebody else
they're too young to buy one they get
the weapon from somebody else secure
your firearms now the real reason you
should want to do this is because it's
going to save kids lives that's the good
reason for wanting to do it I have come
to realize that too many in the gun
crowd that doesn't matter so the
alternative reason is that well it's
going to take away that talking point
you're going to eliminate that that
reason for wanting gun control secure
firearms and yes I am aware that first
sergeant whatever on his youtube channel
said that you had to be prepared at all
times
yeah he's drawing on his experiences in
Fallujah you live in Falls Creek North
Dakota the situations are a little bit
different secure your firearms and if
you aren't going to train to develop the
fine motor skills to open a safe quickly
you're gonna lose the firefight anyway
because you're not training so I don't
want to hear about you needing to be
ready secure your firearms
private cells in a lot of areas that's
legal the intent we like to talk about
the intent of the Second Amendment right
what's the intent behind private cells
for you to sell or trade a weapon with
somebody that you know somebody you know
their background you understand their
mental state it's not to sell one out of
the back of a truck or buy one out of
the back of the truck stop making that
cottage industry profitable because you
know that person isn't going to exercise
good judgment about who they're selling
to and that's how bad people end up with
weapons people that really shouldn't
have them loaning a gun same rules apply
it's not you're not supposed to loan the
a gun to the guy you see at the range
once a month that doesn't even make
sense for friends somebody who's going
hunting doesn't have a right rifle for
the type of game they're going after or
somebody who's being stalked and you
want to loan them a firearm somebody you
know that's what it's for that's that's
why it's legal in some areas use good
judgment stop being so concerned about
being a law abiding gun owner and be a
responsible one here's one for you
support ending the drug war what does
that have to do any time the gun control
conversation comes up what's the pro-gun
gots I'd say they point to major cities
and they say look they have done control
and it doesn't work of course it doesn't
work there's a black market there's a
profit motivator for violence get rid of
it get rid of it you eliminate those gun
deaths there's less outcry for gun
control it's funny because it's normally
the people on the right who are Second
Amendment supporters and they also
support the drug war they support taking
somebody else's rights away the right to
determine what goes into your body and
then they're surprised when the effects
of that get used as a pretext to take
away their rights
here's a crazy idea give freedom a
chance stop supporting a drug war stop
open-carry i know it's legal in a lot of
places stop unless you're in a rural
area where everybody is comfortable with
firearms around you stop again it has to
be it has to do with being a responsible
gun owner if you don't have the judgment
necessary to know that walking into a
big-box store shortly after a tragedy
carrying a rifle and wearing a plate
carrier if you don't know that's not a
good idea
you shouldn't own a firearm because you
have poor judgment it's since scaring
people and the effects on other people
doesn't really register with the gun
crowd we'll do it another way
tactically it's better for it to be
concealed get your permit carry
concealed you're giving away the element
of surprise when you open carry you just
become the first target it's about that
image you want to look tough I got my
gun Clint Eastwood no you're not no you
are not you're not John Wayne sign image
and that has a lot to do with it that
has a whole lot to do with it more than
I think a lot of people would like to
admit because it's so same guys that
have that photo of them at the range
with their plate carrier that's never
been dirty that has 300 rounds of ammo
on it no first aid kit holding their
rifle like this is their profile photo
on social media because the gun makes
the man look tough no you don't know you
don't you're carrying more kit to go to
the range than a contractor in Iraq
you don't look tough look stupid and see
the thing is other people see those
images young people who maybe are
searching for an identity and what are
you teaching them the gun makes the man
those people who are a little unhinged
what are you teaching them violence is
the answer
stop stop you're sending the wrong
message and you don't look tough to
those the gun doesn't make the man to
those people who know you're the weapon
the firearms just a tool it's the way
it's supposed to be anyway stop
glorifying violence and you will see
less of it you shouldn't want to hurt
people stop calling yourself law-abiding
gun owners stop stop focusing on being
law-abiding we all know that gun laws in
general are poorly written and they
don't have the desire they're they don't
have the impact that those who wrote
them desired we know that every ruling
that comes four down from the ATF is
just idiotic doesn't even make sense
right so why would you assume the other
side of that is true why would you
assume what you're allowed to do by the
law is the right thing stop being
concerned about being a law abiding gun
owner and be concerned about being a
responsible one just because you can do
something doesn't mean that you should
use good judgment if the gun crowd
exercised good judgment and stopped
behaving like children in search of some
symbol of masculinity to prove that
they're a man the desire for gun control
it would it would evaporate the gun
crowd is its own biggest enemy stop
behaving like children use good judgment
and if you don't have good judgment
you shouldn't own a firearm I am as
pro-second amendment as they come but
the more I watch the gun crowd the more
like you know what they've completely
lost the plot they have no idea what
it's for they just think it's to look
cool and I care less and less about it I
don't care about defending your rights
as much
why because you don't care about anybody
else you just want an image you want
something to put on Instagram or
Facebook so you look tough you don't you
don't anyway it's just a fault y'all
have a good day